[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure that
the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER]
You want my treasure?
You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR] Now, those who dare
to dream hoist their flags
and sail into
the Great Pirate Era!
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] The first stop on
Luffy's journey to the New World
is Fishman Island, thousands
of feet below sea level,
where his crew becomes
involved in a civil war.
Meeting Jimbei
in the Sea Forest,
they learn of the events
that led to the conflict.
He tells a tale
of the Fishman Pirates,
the island's brave queen,
and its hero, Fisher Tiger.
[LUFFY] "Back to the Present!
Hordy Makes a Move!"
[ALL crying]
Wait, Jimbei!
What kind of scum would
assassinate our queen?
[FISHMAN SOLDIER E]
Spread out and find them!
[FISHMAN SOLDIER F]
Turn the island upside down
if you have to!
[JIMBEI] First, Brother Tai...
now, Queen Otohime.
I can't. I can't!
[JIMBEI grunts]
[JIMBEI] How am I supposed
to live with this anger?
What peace can I
ever hope to find?!
No. Damn it!
[gunshots]
[FISHMAN SOLDIER G] There he is!
The shooter's up there!
[FISHMAN SOLDIER H]
Go! Get to the rooftop!
[JIMBEI grunts]
Is he the one?
[HORDY] I saw him with a gun
in his hand. There's no doubt.
Uh?
Where is the cur?
Boss Jimbei! One of our
men just killed him, sir.
Was it someone we know?
Far from it.
It can't be!
[JIMBEI]
It's a human!
[JIMBEI grunts]
Hide the body!
[FISHMAN SOLDIER I]
Hold on. Do what?
[HORDY gasps]
Hm?
[JIMBEI]
If this gets out,
it'll ruin everything
the queen has accomplished!
All of her work
will be for nothing.
She'll never be
able to rest in peace!
Maybe, but that still doesn't
change the truth, does it?
[JIMBEI] The truth is
that he was a lawless pirate!
Pirate or no pirate, all that
matters is he was human.
[gasps]
[JIMBEI]
Leave it be, Hordy!
Don't do it, damn you!
[HORDY]
Listen, everyone!
[CROWD gasping]
[HORDY]
It was a human!
A human assassinated our queen!
This is what
humans are capable of!
Killing in cold blood!
She trusted them
with all her heart!
[MINISTER OF THE LEFT]
A human.
All she ever wanted was
a peaceful coexistence.
And this human murders her
just when she finally
had us convinced.
We put all of our faith in her
and he's stolen that from us.
By taking Queen Otohime's life,
he's taken our hearts,
and the future of this country!
We could kill you
a million times--
it'd never replace
our queen! You human!
Is there no justice
in the world?
What joy can we find now?
It's more than I can take!
All I can see is despair!
All I can see is regret!
[thudding]
[MINISTER OF THE LEFT]
Has the King agreed
to leave the Tower yet?
[MINISTER OF THE RIGHT]
Afraid not.
There's no reasoning with him.
He's so stricken with grief
and rage, he's lost all control.
[MINISTER OF THE RIGHT, FISHMEN
SOLDIERS] King Neptune!
[NEPTUNE]
Lock the door behind me
and leave it shut until
my urge to kill has subsided!
--[thudding]
--[NEPTUNE grunting]
[NEPTUNE yells]
[NEPTUNE gasping]
[MINISTER OF THE LEFT] King
Neptune, will you talk to me?
[NEPTUNE]
Hmm? I'm listening.
[MINISTER OF THE LEFT]
The shooter was discovered
with the gun still in his hand,
so one of our
soldiers killed him.
He was a human.
[NEPTUNE]
I would've torn off his limbs,
whether he were armed or not.
[NEPTUNE]
But my queen would never
have allowed such savagery.
I don't even know
when this all began,
but I would only perpetuate
it further by seeking revenge.
If the children of our
nation were to see me
engage in such acts, it would
only teach them bitterness--
show them that
rage is the answer
and this horrible bloodshed
would spiral onward.
It was easy to empathize
with Otohime's message
of peace so long as it
was someone else's problem!
But now... why would
it be wrong for me
to kill the man who
shot my wife to death?
Why is that not my right?
As much as I want to...
I just can't understand that.
[NEPTUNE]
I-In my time as a soldier,
I took many lives in reprisal
for my fallen comrades.
And I've killed swarms of humans
over the years who besieged us.
But my hypocrisy kept me
from helping Otohime
in her endeavors.
So I simply stood
by her side and watched.
Why should she die
when a beast like me
is allowed to live?
I could never take over her work
because my hands
are forever stained
with the blood of
my brutal history.
[MINISTER OF THE LEFT]
My king,
we're all teeming
with contradictions,
and we all change with age.
That goes for Fishmen
and humans alike.
But there are some
things that only a soldier
can have the strength
to understand.
[door opens]
[GROUP]
King Neptune!
[NEPTUNE panting]
[NEPTUNE]
Thank you for helping me.
I'm not certain if I'm ready,
but at least I can
attend my wife's funeral.
[FUKABOSHI,
RYUBOSHI, MANBOSHI gasp]
Father, you made it!
I've missed you so much!
[NEPTUNE]
Shirahoshi.
[SHIRAHOSHI crying]
[FUKABOSHI]
Father.
[NEPTUNE]
My brave sons.
Welcome back.
[NEPTUNE]
I'm sorry, children.
I shouldn't have left you alone
during such a terrible time.
[SHIRAHOSHI]
You should see this, Father.
[NEPTUNE]
Hmm? What is it?
[SHIRAHOSHI] These letters
keep flying after me
no matter where I go.
[FUKABOSHI] She's already
received five of them, Father.
[NEPTUNE]
Is this... a love letter?
Shirahoshi's only six-years-old!
Who in blazes is
this Vander Decken?
That's the name of a legendary
pirate, isn't it, Sire?
[NEPTUNE] Hmm... My children
will not attend the funeral.
[GROUP gasp]
[NEPTUNE]
There could be an accomplice
still on the loose
for all we know.
Also, I want this
sleazy Decken character
apprehended posthaste!
[FISHMEN SOLDIERS]
Yes, sir!
[speaker blares]
[FUKABOSHI]
My kingdom...
[gasps] Look up there!
Prince Fukaboshi!
Then he isn't here?
[NEPTUNE]
Fukaboshi.
To all my fellow Fishmen...
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL buzzes]
[FUKABOSHI] ...I'm sorry to
interrupt my mother's funeral,
but there's something
I need to tell you.
So I ask that you
please forgive me
and lend me your full attention.
In her last moment of life,
my mother happily spoke
to us of the future.
She told us that,
"We are almost there--
our new home in
the light of the sun."
We have chosen to adopt
our mother's dream
and dedicate our lives
to seeing it through.
No matter how long it takes.
So noble.
We understand that
you are not yet ready
and you likely won't be for
the World Summit in two years.
But there will be
another in six years
and another after that in ten.
It's only natural for
this tragedy to have reaffirmed
your deeply held
mistrust of humans,
so I'll destroy
the remaining signatures
that were left unburned.
And together, we'll
start from the beginning.
[FUKABOSHI]
Someday in our future,
when your wounds have
finally begun to heal,
once you feel you are ready...
...united, we will dream
of a new life in the sun!
[JIMBEI]
In the decade that followed,
the remaining members
of the royal family,
including the King himself,
rarely left the palace
but chose to speak to the nation
through their monitors instead.
[JIMBEI]
And all the while,
the islander's signatures
steadily replenished.
[JIMBEI]
So there you have it.
That's how we spent the past 16
years fighting discrimination.
And that's how
the Fishman Pirates
were formed and divided.
There's no denying
the awful things
Arlong did to your home.
Even so, at one time,
he was like a brother to me.
[JIMBEI] When we received
news of his violent actions,
we took it upon
ourselves to stop him,
but he always managed
to dodge any real consequence.
He hid his actions from the Navy
by bribing any soldiers
that he came across.
I let him live, and
in failing to stop him,
I, too, share the
guilt for his crimes.
[JIMBEI grunts]
And that's why, though it
pains me, it's my fault.
Oh, yeah?
If you're so sorry,
kill yourself.
[CHOPPER gasps]
Sanji.
[SANJI]
Take responsibility.
Pay with your life for the
suffering that you caused her.
Give her peace.
That's enough, Sanji!
What? Are you serious, Nami?
How could you excuse
the things they did to you?
[NAMI] I'll never
excuse what Arlong did!
But Jimbei? He never meant
for anyone to get hurt.
Wait. Are you sure?
[JIMBEI]
I will accept any punishment.
If you wish for me
to take my own life--
[NAMI]
Drop it!
[JIMBEI grunts]
[NAMI]
Look. It's okay.
The only one I hate is Arlong.
[JIMBEI grunts]
[NAMI] Believe me,
I'm relieved to hear you're
not the mastermind
of the Arlong Pirates.
And you're a friend of Luffy's,
which tells me plenty about you.
I won't lie.
The Arlong Pirates made
my life a living hell,
but y'know if it wasn't
for that nightmare,
I never would've met my friends.
That awful time
made me who I am.
I can't hate you just
'cause you're a Fishman.
So you?
You don't get to pity me
just because of my past.
I'm fine with my past, because
I'm happy in the present.
[JIMBEI gasps]
It doesn't matter
who did this to me.
Don't become angry.
Not on my behalf.
Please, you can't tell
anyone on the island.
The tragedy that we've endured
and our hatred must die with us!
[ALADDIN]
I wouldn't dwell on it.
There's nothing
you could've done.
You've known each other
since childhood, after all.
Like him or not, he's still
like a brother to you.
And you're no killer.
[JIMBEI crying]
I don't deserve to
be treated so kindly.
You have my gratitude.
[HACHI]
Nyu! Nami!
You're a good man, Jimbei.
[cries] I know how hard
it is to be a big brother!
You're a helluva guy, Jimbei!
That whole story!
I like 'em all so much!
Tiger and Otoshime
and what's-his-name.
Shut yer mouth, Franky!
[NAMI] He must've been
carrying so much pain.
[GROUP]
Huh?
[NAMI]
Luffy?
[LUFFY snoring]
[GROUP]
What?
[SANJI]
Moron!
Wake up!
[LUFFY grunts, yawns]
[LUFFY]
I needed that nap.
I shoulda known.
The only time you can sit
still is if you're asleep.
[LUFFY]
Huh?
Jimbei, are you crying?
Oh, come now.
Of course I'm not crying.
[LUFFY]
Hm. What did I miss?
[JIMBEI]
It's nothing, all right?
Let's forget it and move on!
[LUFFY]
Hmm. Sure. Whatever.
So, Jimbei.
What did the queen end up
doing to that thief she caught?
Are you for real?!
Ya mean you fell asleep at
the very beginning of the story?
--[LUFFY] Did I miss it all?
--[SANJI] You did!
[NAMI]
Shirahoshi, right?
You gonna be okay?
[CAMIE] Namichin! She's royalty!
Don't be so casual, please!
Oh. Forgive me
for being so emotional.
It's difficult not to cry
when I think about my mother.
She sounds like she
was quite the woman.
Yes.
It's a real pleasure
to meet you, Namichin.
Uh, no, Princess!
Namichin is just a silly
nickname I gave her, so,
it's just plain Nami! No chin!
Excuse me, perhaps it's a bit
forward of me to say this,
but even though we just met,
I feel a connection to you--
like we've been
friends for a long time.
Oh, yeah?
Well, we've both been through
some similar rough patches.
[SHIRAHOSHI giggles]
[JIMBEI grunts]
Excuse me.
I just lost track of time.
I need to know
what the situation is
at the Ryugu Palace.
Just to confirm
what you've told me,
Hordy and his crew
have taken the King
and the palace guards captive.
Apart from that, you're not sure
what happened to
three members of your crew.
And that's all the
information we have, correct?
[HACHI]
Nyu. Hey, Jimbei.
If the siege is playing
out as Hordy planned,
there's a good chance
the rest of the country
is falling to his
forces now, too.
Hold on. Are you saying
you know what his plan is?
To be honest, I have had
my suspicions he was up
to something ever since
he retired from the army.
But he was clever enough to
keep the details hidden from me.
Not me. I know.
But first, let me warn you.
Hordy hates humans even
more than Arlong did.
The only thing driving
him is resentment.
He talks about
rebuilding the kingdom,
but all he really wants to do
cause suffering to humans.
And to prove my point,
you'll see there's
one big difference
between him and Arlong.
Arlong had no problem
with killing humans,
but the one thing he'd never
do is hurt other Fishmen.
Hordy? He doesn't care.
He'll also turn his
fury against Fishmen
who are sympathetic to humans.
He'll cut down
anyone in his way!
The World Summit is set
to take place again soon,
but a lot's changed
in the last four years.
For the first time
since Otohime's death,
they've actually
gathered enough signatures
for King Neptune
to speak at the Summit
about relocating Fishman
Island to the surface.
Huh. I see.
Then Hordy has seized
the palace just for that?
I wish. No, I'm afraid
it's a lot worse than that.
[CHOPPER screams]
[CHOPPER]
Wh-What is that?
It's huge!
They get that big?
What the...?
It's a Video Transponder Snail.
What's it doin' out here?
[DEN]
Look! It's activating!
[CAMIE] Oh, yeah. It's
projecting on the bubble.
[gasps]
[NAMI gasps]
[JIMBEI]
Hmm... I thought so.
It's him.
[SANJI]
What's up? You know that guy?
That's Hordy.
This can't be good.
He found us?
[CAMIE]
Hatchin!
[HORDY] Hello there,
people of Fishman Island.
Am I coming through?
Well then, for those
of you who don't know,
I'm the captain of
the New Fishman Pirates.
My name... is Hordy Jones!
[NARRATOR] Broadcasting
across all of Fishman Island,
Hordy makes his plans
for conquest clear.
The people watch in horror
as he prepares for
Neptune's execution.
Those who'd oppose him are
scattered across the island.
With the Straw Hats in disarray,
Luffy is ready to fight,
but Jimbei has
something else in mind.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"The Kingdom in Shock! An Order
to Execute Neptune Issued!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!